Fix doc references to `cli.submission` module (#33)
edulinq/autograder-py: README.md

### Commands for Students

Students will mainly be concerned with submitting assignments and checking on the status of their submission.

> Therefore, the `autograder.cli.courses.assignments.submissions` package will be their primary resource.

Reviewer: Here we will want to use `autograder.run`.
Since this section is about commands for students, and the shortcuts (`autograder.run.*`) should be all most students will need.

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore, the `autograder.run` package will be their primary resource.
```
